[the.codeholic](#)

[Home (current)](#home)

[Experience](#experience)

[Education](index.html#education)

[Skills](#skills)

[Connect](index.html#footer)

Hello World!
============

    I'm Shaheem PP, a Bachelor of Computer Application Student studying
in [Safi Institute of Advanced Study(SIAS)](http://sias.edu.in/) -
affiliated by [University of Calicut](https://uoc.ac.in/). I'm recently
doing my internship at [TinkerHub Foundation.](http://tinkerhub.org/)
I'm a beginner level programmer who's interested in Python. Ask me about
C, a little bit of Python, and novice-level front-end designing using
HTML and CSS. I know a little bit of Android using Kotlin. yeah, "Jack
of all trades, master of none". Still grinding to find something that
suits me. \
    I'm a team player, and a lead passionate to learn and share
knowledge on tech. Not a guy who thinks 'tech is everything', because
soft skills also are too important. Always interested in connecting with
people. Working hard to bring a tech learning environment to my college.
I'm an active member in several tech communities like Pygrammers,
TinkerHub and co founded a community in my own college called
[TECHSIAS](https://techsias.org). I love connecting with people, [find
me around the web.](index.html#footer)

[Resume](Assets/Others/Resume.pdf)

* * * * *

Experience
==========

##### Campus Community Manager

TinkerHub Foundation \
 Internship, June 2021 - Present

* * * * *

Communities
===========

These are the some of the communities I've been part of, contributing,
networking and learning from others really helped me alot to grow.

![...](Assets/Images/tinkerhub.png)

##### TinkerHub Foundation {.card-title}

Campus Community Manager

![...](Assets/Images/py-small.png)

##### Pygrammers {.card-title}

Chief Marketing Officer

![...](Assets/Images/techsias.png)

##### TECHSIAS {.card-title}

Co-Founder

* * * * *

Education
=========

##### Bachelor of Computer Application

Safi Institute of Advanced Study \
 July 2019 - Present \
 *University:*Calicut University \
 *Activities:*Co-Founded TECHSIAS, Started TinkerHub SIAS Campus
Community, \
 Active member of IT Club and IEDC SIAS

\

##### Computer Science (Class 12)

Umbichy Hajee Higher Secondarry School \
 2017-2019 \
 *Mark:* 85%\
 *Board:* Kerala Department of Higher Secondary Education\
 *Activities:* IT Club Member, National Service Scheme(NSS) Volunteer
Leader

\

##### Secondary School Leaving Certificate(SSLC, Class 10)

*Mark:* 98%\
 *Board:* Kerala Board Of Public Examinations\
 *Activities:* IT Club Member, Junior Red Cross(JRC) Cadet

* * * * *

Skills
======

##### Digital Skills

I'm a beginner level programmer. I know a little bit of C/C++
programming, newbie in Android Development. Now I got my interest in
Python, and I'm on my path to develop my skills on Python to become a
Python Developer.

##### Leadership Skills

For past years I've conducted bootcamps lasts long from 7 days to 21
days also mini hackathons for the students of my college.

##### Event Management Skills

I have an experience on working in National Sevice Scheme as Volunteer
and Digital support from 2017-21.

* * * * *

Around the web
==============

[**](https://github.com/the-codeholic/)  
[**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/the-codeholic/)  
[**](https://www.youtube.com/c/ShaheemPP)

Copyright ©2021\
Developed with ♥ by [the.codeholic](#)
